[Docs Improvement] Live Share 0.4.0 docs update (#6694)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/apps-in-teams-meetings/teams-live-share-overview.md

## Why build apps with Live Share?

Building collaborative apps can be difficult, time consuming, costly, and includes complex compliance requirements at scale. Teams users spend significant amount of time reviewing work with teammates, watching videos together, and brainstorming new ideas through screen sharing. The Live Share SDK enables you to transform your app into something more collaborative with minimal investment.

Here are some key benefits of the Live Share SDK:

- Zero-hassle session management and security.
- Stateful and stateless distributed data structures.
- Media extensions to easily synchronize video and audio.
- Respect meeting privileges using role verification.
- Free and fully managed service with low latency.
- Intelligent audio ducking.

:::image type="content" source="../assets/images/teams-live-share/Teams-live-share-schematics.png" alt-text="Teams Live Share":::

To understand if Live Share is right for your collaborative scenario, it is helpful to understand the differences between Live Share and other collaborative frameworks, including:

> - Web sockets
> - Azure Fluid Relay
> - Live Share

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Web sockets](#web-sockets)
- [Azure Fluid Relay](#azure-fluid-relay)
- [Live Share](#live-share-hosted-service)
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)

```javascript
import { TeamsFluidClient, EphemeralPresence } from "@microsoft/live-share";

// Join the Fluid container
const client = new TeamsFluidClient();
const schema = {
  initialObjects: { presence: EphemeralPresence },
};
const { container } = await client.joinContainer(schema);

// ... ready to start app sync logic
```

# [TypeScript](#tab/typescript)

```TypeScript
import { TeamsFluidClient, EphemeralPresence } from "@microsoft/live-share";
import { ContainerSchema } from "fluid-framework";

// Join the Fluid container
const client = new TeamsFluidClient();
const schema: ContainerSchema = {
  initialObjects: { presence: EphemeralPresence },
};
const { container } = await client.joinContainer(schema);

// ... ready to start app sync logic
```

---

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Any data sent or stored through the Live Share SDK's hosted Azure Fluid Relay service is accessible up to 24 hours. For more information, see [Live Share FAQ](teams-live-share-faq.md).

#### Using a custom Azure Fluid Relay service

> While most developers will find it preferable to use our free hosted service, there are still situations where it is beneficial to use your own Azure Fluid Relay service for your Live Share app.
> 
> Consider using a custom service if you:
> 
> - Require storage of data in Fluid containers beyond the lifetime of a meeting.
> - Transmit sensitive data through the service that requires a custom security policy.
> - Develop features through Fluid Framework (e.g., `SharedMap`) for your application outside of Teams.
> 
> To learn more, visit our custom Azure Fluid Relay service [how-to guide](./teams-live-share-how-to/how-to-custom-azure-fluid-relay.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While most of you find it preferable to use our free hosted service, there are still situations where it is beneficial to use your own Azure Fluid Relay service for your Live Share app.

Consider using a custom service if you:

- Require storage of data in Fluid containers beyond the lifetime of a meeting.
- Transmit sensitive data through the service that requires a custom security policy.
- Develop features through Fluid Framework, for example, `SharedMap`, for your application outside of Teams.

For more information, see the custom Azure Fluid Relay service [how-to guide](./teams-live-share-how-to/how-to-custom-azure-fluid-relay.md).
```
